Development Journal:

6 February 2015
	Today the git hub repository was created. Development of questions is continuing, and I am conducting research on
how to create a GUI for the program. Additionally, I am creating the format to export it to an HTML based website. I have
also discussed the testing of this program with the Human Geography teacher at Capital, Mr. Faulkner. I am creating the
basic API or structure I have planned for the code. I plan on having the questions and basic terminal working by next week
and the form for entering questions and embedding links as a resource for information. I am compliling these links and the 
correct answers to the questions.I am also trying to figure out how to work with GitHub and looking into making this into a 
Windows applet thing. My goals for next week are: Start BlueJ program, create some questions, collect information, and 
figure out how to test.

13 February 2015
	This week, I became more familiar with the workings of git hub and how to efficiently add, commit, and push code to 
the git hub repository. I also created a point system, and worked on creating the main class.  With the experience gained 
from the Grocery List program that we recently completed in class, I will start structuring the export to HTML feature to 
display the user's results. Additionally, this week, I will conduct research online and ask Mr. Schreiber about creating a 
GUI for the quiz system. Not connected with the specific code itself, I will talk to my teachers about what functionalities 
would specifically benefit an instructor using this program. I will also start on the PowerPoint for the final presentation,
specifically focusing on the Development and initial idea behind the program. My goals for next week are: Create a third of
the questions list, acquire  a list of potential functionalities, and test out the current main class that I have.

20 February 2015
	This week I created a way for a user to create and enter their own questions into the system. I also futher tested
the interactive element of the program. I made functions that allow the user to pass the commands of test, fact, create,
and exit. I still need to fix what is said when the user exits the program. The main class currently functions well in the
test mode. This mode will then be carried over to the actual program once debugged to be the walkthrough system. Of my 
goals from last week, I have started a list of potential functionalities and I have tested the main class and made some,
but not all, improvements. The most importnat things yet to accomplish are to create a questions list and to discuss the
program with those teachers of mine who would benefit most from the functions of this specific program. My goals for the
next week are to fully develop twenty questions for testing purposes and to have the class that creates the questions 
finished. 

27 February 2015
	This week I discussed the procedure for testing with my Human Geography teacher Mr. Faulkner. As a part of class in
a few months I will test the program and hopefully receive feedback on how it works. I have also completed a set of five tester questions in order to allow for easy debugging of the code. I aditionally added to a method that allows users to submit their own questions. I modified the checkAnswer() method and am pretty happy with it as a final product. I plan on showing my tester code to Mr. Schreiber next week after I fix the bug that makes the user exit out of the tester mode when the user requests additional information. I also will expand on the questions list with actual questions for showing to Mr. Schreiber. Next week these questions along with the basic code functioning are due. My goals this week are to finish testing and to develop the method with which I will allow this program to be used by others, including finishing the README with instructions.

6 March 2015
	This week the first deliverables were due. I changed my plan so that I would not be creating a GUI for the project,
 but instead have it run through the terminal. Instead of having a GUI, I decided to submit my base HTML code. THis is the 
code that writes the results to a webpage. I do not know if I plan on having this code accessible through a URL or if I would 
like to keep it local. The other deliverable I finished is the basic five question list for testing purposes. This is used so
I can get an adequate sample with minimal time taken and a rather diverse set of questions. This week I worked more on
implementing a way for a user to create his or her own questions. Because I will be gone two days of this upcoming week, I 
plan on fleshing out the HTML method and pushing to finish writing the code in preparation of the next deliverable in April,
 when the code is due. 

13 March 2015
	This week I set out to fix the issue of the "What would you like to do?" phrase being said before every input. I accomplished that by putting the input variable definition after the system prints out the question. I am still trying to figure out how I will make this program so that it can be easily tested without installing BlueJ on any computers other than mine. I have been practicing trying to break the code so I can find any bugs that might be around. I also continued work on the exporting to HTML and asking of questions. Next week, I plan on making it so I can create questions and save these questions to a list, possibly HTML or in the actual program. I will need some assistance from Mr. Schreiber to do so. My goals for next week are to at least have a way for users to create their own questions. 

20 March 2015
	This week I created a way for users to create their questions. I tested it and it works with the basic format of all of the questions. I also updated the links for the test questions and checked the add Score method. With spring break coming up, I'm going to make it so that the test array works regardless of how many test questions there are, hopefully with the implementation of random questions. I also would like to figure out how to save the questions to a file or to the internet. Before the next entry which will be on the third of April, I need to add Java documentation and finish my code. I also would like to figure out how to save the HTML data. My goals for next week are to finish coding, Java doc everything, and figure out how to test on computers that do not have BlueJ.

3 April 2015
	This week and the last, I worked on finishing up a rough draft of sorts of my code. The plan is to have the main features coded by the end of today. The second deliverables are due today and so I will have the majority of the code that will be used done. I still need to figure out how to make it so I can test on a computer that does not have BlueJ or figure out how to have a portable version of it that works. This week I have tied up many of the loose ends on the project including being able to export the questions. This coming week, I plan on changing my focus towards the presentation I will be giving at the end of May. Today, and the rest of the week, I plan on testing the program, JavaDoc, and debugging. I also plan on spending a lot of time on the PowerPoint and screenshots of the program.

10 April 2015
	This week I presented my eleveator proposal about what this product is about. I do think it could have been improved, but I chose to focus on code rather than the proposal. I have figured out how to export the code for testing in Human Geography. I plan on making a survey form for use in testing. This will be used to assess the effectiveness of the program and add ideas for improvements for future iterations of the program. I have the majority of the code ready to test so this week I will tighten up the code so that it can be tested after I return from my multiple absences. I plan on testing at least five people and receiving feedback from them. This week I plan on testing, finishing the feedback form, and testing out the exported program with debugging. I also will clean up the code and make it formatted nicely.